Hello friends, I am going to show you how
to  refill
HP 678 black ink jet cartridge. Here I
have taken the cartridge and
the ink for refilling and this is SUCTION TOOL and this is syringe
that is 2.5 ml syringe
Here I have taken this cartridge
you can see that there are five
holes in this cartridge
these holes, you can use any of these holes for refilling this cartridge
remember that this is a large cartridge
that is why you can use all these holes
if it was a small cartridge like
HP  802 you cannot use all these
holes
but in this case you can use all
these holes
now I will take the ink
this is 2.5ml syringe
and one more thing you have to remember that
as it is large
cartridge you can
you can put more ink into it
I'm going to put about 5
to 7.5 ml of Ink
here I am
inserting 5 ml of ink. I am using different holes to insert this ink because
as the you use many holes
the in get distributed evenly or throughout the
cartridge equally. I have inserted almost
5ml, now I am inserting
another one. This will add up into
7.5 ml. Now I am using another hole
for refilling. Use various holes
as you can. I have inserted 7.5ml of ink.
Now this is enough and now I am going to
use the suction tool.
The purpose of suction tool is to bring the ink into this nozzle.
because and the ink I have inserted in
this cartridge
is not come till  now into this nozzle
and
the print will not be smooth. That's why I am using SUCTION TOOL.
here is the whole for suction tool and I
am inserting this
syringe without this needle to absorb
few amount say 0.5ml
of Ink.
The Ink is not coming
You can see few amount of ink has come.
into the nozzle. Let's find out. You can see a smooth
strip of line.
you can see this line. If you get
this kind of line of Ink you have to
understand that
the cartridge is refilled properly
and now it can be used for the refilling:
now it is large cartridge it can almost print almost
150 to 200 pages- A4 pages
of printer
this is SUCTION TOOL , it is very necessary , because it helps the
helps to bring the ink into these
nozzle
always use branded ink like Prodot or Desmat or Japanio
never use the chinese or local market ink
you can buy this Tool
from internet and if you like this
video
click the Like button and thank you for
watching this video